docs: adding versioning and upgrade informations (#22)
sighupio/fury-distribution: docs/VERSIONING.md

# Versioning

> From the 1.21.0 KFD release, the versioning scheme has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting grom the 1.21.0 KFD release, the versioning scheme has changed.
```

> We are now versioning KFD using the same minor version that Kubernetes is using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are now versioning KFD using the same minor version than the supported Kubernetes version.
```
